Edits and entries regarding JavaScript dates and time (#713)
Codecademy/docs: content/javascript/concepts/json/terms/stringify/stringify.md

---
Title: '.stringify()'

> Description: 'Returns a string representation of a JSON object.'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Description: 'Returns the string representation of a JSON object.'
```

Subjects:
  - 'Web Development'
  - 'Computer Science'
Tags:
  - 'JSON'
  - 'Objects'
  - 'Strings'
CatalogContent:
  - 'introduction-to-javascript'
  - 'paths/full-stack-engineer-career-path'
---

> The `.stringify()` method is one of two methods belonging to the reserved `JSON` object, the other being the [`.parse()`](https://www.codecademy.com/resources/docs/javascript/json/parse) method. It returns a [string] representation of a given JSON object.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The `.stringify()` method is one of two methods belonging to the reserved `JSON` object, the other being the [`.parse()`](https://www.codecademy.com/resources/docs/javascript/json/parse) method. It returns a [string](https://www.codecademy.com/resources/docs/javascript/strings) representation of a given JSON object.
```

> The `.stringify()` method is one of two methods belonging to the reserved `JSON` object, the other being the [`.parse()`](https://www.codecademy.com/resources/docs/javascript/json/parse) method. It returns a [string](https://www.codecademy.com/resources/docs/javascript/strings) representation of a given JSON object.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `.stringify()` method is one of two methods that belong to the reserved `JSON` object. Second, is the [`.parse()`](https://www.codecademy.com/resources/docs/javascript/json/parse) method which returns the [string](https://www.codecademy.com/resources/docs/javascript/strings) representation of a given JSON object.
```

## Syntax

```pseudo
JSON.stringify(jsonObject);
```

The `jsonObject` must be valid. Otherwise, a `SyntaxError` is thrown.

## Example

In the example below, a valid JSON object is stored in a variable, `myJSONObject`, and then passed into the `.stringify()` method as an argument:

```js
let myJSONObject = {
  Hello: 'World',
};

console.log(JSON.stringify(myJSONObject));
```

The output will look like this:

```shell
{"Hello":"World"}
```

## Codebyte Example

> The following example futher demonstrates how the `.stringify()` method works:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The following example further demonstrates how the `.stringify()` method works:
```
